[MUSIC PLAYING]
-Hi, I'm Chris Jaffe from Netflix.
And I'm going to show you how
to use Netflix on your Xbox.
To download Netflix on your Xbox, you're
going to want to go over to the apps
section, here.
Go over to Netflix and hit Select.
A LIVE Gold account is required
to use Netlix.
So, you'll either want to sign up for an
Xbox LIVE account, or you'll want to
sign in with an existing account.
Now that I'm signed in to Xbox LIVE, I
can just download the application.
The first thing that you'll see
is the ability to choose our
Netflix Just for Kids experience or
the normal Netflix experience.
I'm going to choose the normal
Netflix experience.
The first thing you'll notice after the
Netflix experience loads is all these
rows of all kinds of great movies
and TV shows to watch.
So you can just simply move up and
down using the controller,
across all of the lists.
And you'll see all of these titles.
And any time that you stop on a title,
you'll see that you'll get more
information loads right
here about the title.
And to play any title is
really, really simple.
All you have to do is select Play.
Just hit A on the controller, and
the title begins to play.
As it's loading, you'll see all that great
information about that show is
presented here on the screen, as well some
options to select other episodes
and to configure your
audio and subtitles.
Let's do that.
Let's take a look at the
audio and subtitles.
Click down to bring up the menu, move over
to the audio subtitle selection,
select it, and you'll see the subtitles
appear right here on your Xbox.
Some of the other features you can
do on Xbox is, you can go in.
And you could also rate the
title directly right here.
I really, really am enjoying "House of
Cards." So I'll go ahead and give it
five stars, because I love it.
And that rating is captured right away.
And I can go back, and this is all
happening while I'm in Play mode here.
Fast Forward and Reverse
is also really simple.
I just bring up the menu, which then
allows you to do Fast Forward.
At any time in the Netflix experience,
it's really easy to search for any title
that you're looking for.
Simply hit Y on your controller,
and the search box appears.
And then you can just type
in any characters.
So here, I typed in H-O-U, because I
was looking for "House of Cards.
And "House of Cards" is
the first result.
Thanks for joining us today.
To learn more about Netflix on Xbox,
we hope you'll try yours today.